That's not possible.
He, Li Yuyao, is a poor ghost who sells breakfast.
How could he be me?
The True Heart of Shanghai
That must be fake
Master Wang, are you wrong? Thank you Shou
How do you humiliate the old man and sneak attack
But you can't say I'm wrong
Come, tell me.
Why this simple pen
Can execute with real identity
That's a quality assurance I can't even buy
Hmm, I don't care.
The old man has never made a mistake in identifying jewelry in his life
Sir, if you don't believe me
Although find someone else to verify
If wrong
I will gouge my eyes for you.
The old man is dead, remember
You are the one I asked to identify the jewelry.
I authenticate jewelry. I never lie to jewelry.
It's impossible for me to tell lies
Thank you little brother
I owe you a favor
What do you owe me?
In my opinion
lifetime
The quality assurance of seeing Deep Sea Star
It's a great kindness
Yo this is so expensive
No matter how expensive it is, you deserve it
Oh, thank you kindly.
The subject kowtows to me and admits his mistake